Hotfix/7.3.1 (#551)
iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-core: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [[7.3.1]](https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-core/releases/tag/v7.3.1) 2023-02-17

> * Improve filter to receive deal events addressed to the current _iExec Core Scheduler_. Improve `IEXEC_START_BLOCK_NUMBER` documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Subscribe only to deal events targeting a specific workerpool. Improve `IEXEC_START_BLOCK_NUMBER` documentation.
```

Author: Sure, please see 48e6996
